FNK0001, Freenove Starter Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0002, Freenove Modular Starter Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Modular_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Modular_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0003, Freenove Three-wheeled Smart Car Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Three-wheeled_Smart_Car_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Three-wheeled_Smart_Car_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0004, Freenove Starter Kit without Control Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0005, Freenove Super Starter Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0006, Freenove Super Starter Kit without Control Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0007, Freenove Basic Starter Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0008, Freenove Basic Starter Kit without Control Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0009, Freenove LCD1602 Starter Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_LCD1602_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_LCD1602_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0010, Freenove LCD1602 Starter Kit without Control Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_LCD1602_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_LCD1602_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0011, Freenove Ultrasonic Starter Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultrasonic_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultrasonic_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0012, Freenove Ultrasonic Starter Kit without Control Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultrasonic_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultrasonic_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0013, Freenove RFID Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0014, Freenove Modular Starter Kit without Control Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Modular_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Modular_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0015, Freenove RFID Starter Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0016, Freenove RFID Starter Kit without Control Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0017, Freenove Ultimate Starter Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0018, Freenove Ultimate Starter Kit without Control Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0019, Freenove Super Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/master.zip

FNK0020, Freenove Ultimate Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/master.zip

FNK0021, Freenove Three-wheeled Smart Car Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Three-wheeled_Smart_Car_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Three-wheeled_Smart_Car_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/master.zip

FNK0022, Freenove Basic Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/master.zip

FNK0023, Freenove LCD1602 Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_LCD1602_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_LCD1602_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/master.zip

FNK0024, Freenove Ultrasonic Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultrasonic_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultrasonic_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/master.zip

FNK0025, Freenove RFID Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/master.zip

FNK0026, Freenove Three-wheeled Smart Car Kit Enhanced
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Three-wheeled_Smart_Car_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Three-wheeled_Smart_Car_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0027, Freenove Quadruped Robot Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Quadruped_Robot_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Quadruped_Robot_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0028, Freenove Remote Control Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Remote_Control_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Remote_Control_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0029, Freenove Hexapod Robot Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Hexapod_Robot_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Hexapod_Robot_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0030, Freenove Quadruped Robot Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Quadruped_Robot_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Quadruped_Robot_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0031, Freenove Hexapod Robot Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Hexapod_Robot_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Hexapod_Robot_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0033, Freenove Bipedal Robot Kit for Raspberry Pi Pico (W)
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Bipedal_Robot_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Bipedal_Robot_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0034, Freenove RFID Starter Kit V2.0
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Starter_Kit_V2.0
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Starter_Kit_V2.0/archive/master.zip

FNK0035, Freenove RFID Starter Kit V2.0 without Control Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Starter_Kit_V2.0
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_RFID_Starter_Kit_V2.0/archive/master.zip

FNK0036, Freenove Robot Arm Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Robot_Arm_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Robot_Arm_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0037, Freenove Micro:Rover
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Micro_Rover
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Micro_Rover/archive/master.zip

FNK0038, Freenove Micro:Rover Kit without micro:bit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Micro_Rover
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Micro_Rover/archive/master.zip

FNK0039, Freenove Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi 4B
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Starter_kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_4B
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Starter_kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_4B/archive/master.zip

FNK0040, Freenove Case Kit for Raspberry Pi 4B with Fan
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Starter_kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_4B
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Starter_kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_4B/archive/master.zip

FNK0041, Freenove 4WD Car Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_4WD_Car_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_4WD_Car_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0042, Freenove Robot Ant Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Robot_Ant_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Robot_Ant_Kit/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0043, Freenove 4WD Smart Car Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_4WD_Smart_Car_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_4WD_Smart_Car_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/master.zip

FNK0045, Freenove Ultimate Starter Kit for micro:bit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_microbit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_microbit/archive/master.zip

FNK0046, Freenove Super Starter Kit for ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0047, Freenove Ultimate Starter Kit for ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32/archive/master.zip

FNK0048, Freenove 18650 Battery and Charger Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_18650_Battery_and_Charger_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_18650_Battery_and_Charger_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0049, Freenove 14500 Battery and Charger Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_14500_Battery_and_Charger_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_14500_Battery_and_Charger_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0050, Freenove Robot Dog Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Robot_Dog_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Robot_Dog_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/master.zip

FNK0052, Freenove Big Hexapod Robot Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Big_Hexapod_Robot_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Big_Hexapod_Robot_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/master.zip

FNK0053, Freenove 4WD Car Kit for ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_4WD_Car_Kit_for_ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_4WD_Car_Kit_for_ESP32/archive/master.zip

FNK0054, Freenove Projects Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Projects_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Projects_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0055, Freenove Touchscreen Monitor
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Touchscreen_Monitor
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Touchscreen_Monitor/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0056, Freenove Camera Module for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Camera_Module_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Camera_Module_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/master.zip

FNK0058, Freenove Ultimate Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico/archive/refs/heads/master.zip

FNK0059, Freenove Projects Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Projects_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Projects_Kit/archive/refs/heads/refs.zip

FNK0060, Freenove ESP32-WROVER Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_ESP32_WROVER_Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_ESP32_WROVER_Board/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0061, Freenove Basic Starter Kit for ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0062, Freenove Robot Dog Kit for ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Robot_Dog_Kit_for_ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Robot_Dog_Kit_for_ESP32/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0063, Freenove Super Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0064, Freenove Basic Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0065, Freenove Raspberry Pi Pico Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico/archive/refs/heads/master.zip

FNK0066, Freenove Complete Starter Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Complete_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Complete_Starter_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0067, Freenove Control Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit/archive/master.zip

FNK0070, Freenove BBC micro:bit Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_microbit_Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_microbit_Board/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0071, Freenove Super Starter Kit for micro:bit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_microbit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_microbit/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0072, Freenove Basic Starter Kit for micro:bit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_microbit
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_microbit/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0073, Freenove Ultimate Starter Kit for ESP8266
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_ESP8266
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_ESP8266/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0074, Freenove Super Starter Kit for ESP8266
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_ESP8266
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_ESP8266/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0075, Freenove Basic Starter Kit for ESP8266
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_ESP8266
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_ESP8266/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0076, Freenove ESP8266 Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_ESP8266_Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_ESP8266_Board/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0077, Freenove Tank Robot Kit for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Tank_Robot_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Tank_Robot_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0078, Freenove Touchscreen Monitor for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Touchscreen_Monitor_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Touchscreen_Monitor_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0079, Freenove LCD Module
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_LCD_Module
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_LCD_Module/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0080, Freenove Breakout Board for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Breakout_Board_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Breakout_Board_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0081, Freenove Breakout Board for Raspberry Pi Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Breakout_Board_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Breakout_Board_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico/archive/refs/heads/master.zip

FNK0082, Freenove Ultimate Starter Kit for ESP32-S3
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32_S3
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32_S3/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0083, Freenove Super Starter Kit for ESP32-S3
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32_S3
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32_S3/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0084, Freenove Basic Starter Kit for ESP32-S3
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32_S3
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_ESP32_S3/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0085, Freenove ESP32-S3-WROOM Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_ESP32_S3_WROOM_Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_ESP32_S3_WROOM_Board/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0086, Freenove Development Kit for ESP32-S3
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Development_Kit_for_ESP32_S3
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Development_Kit_for_ESP32_S3/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0087, Freenove Spot Welder
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Spot_Welder
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Spot_Welder/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0088, Freenove Nickel Strip for Spot Welder
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Spot_Welder
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Spot_Welder/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0089, Freenove 4WD Car Kit for Raspberry Pi Pico (W)
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_4WD_Car_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_4WD_Car_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0090, Freenove ESP32-WROOM Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_ESP32_WROOM_Board
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_ESP32_WROOM_Board/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0091, Freenove Breakout Board for ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Breakout_Board_for_ESP32
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Breakout_Board_for_ESP32/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0092, Freenove Complete Starter Kit for Control Board V5
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Complete_Starter_Kit_for_Control_Board_V5
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Complete_Starter_Kit_for_Control_Board_V5/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0093, Freenove Ultimate Starter Kit for Control Board V5
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_Control_Board_V5
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Ultimate_Starter_Kit_for_Control_Board_V5/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0094, Freenove Super Starter Kit for Control Board V5
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_Control_Board_V5
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Super_Starter_Kit_for_Control_Board_V5/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0095, Freenove Basic Starter Kit for Control Board V5
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_Control_Board_V5
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Basic_Starter_Kit_for_Control_Board_V5/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0096, Freenove Control Board V5
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Control_Board_V5
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Control_Board_V5/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0097, Freenove Omni Wheel Car Kit for Raspberry Pi Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Omni_Wheel_Car_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_Omni_Wheel_Car_Kit_for_Raspberry_Pi_Pico/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0098, Freenove M.2 NVMe Adapter for Raspberry Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_M.2_NVMe_Adapter_for_Raspberry_Pi
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_M.2_NVMe_Adapter_for_Raspberry_Pi/archive/refs/heads/main.zip

FNK0099, Freenove ESP32-S3-WROOM Board Lite
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_ESP32_S3_WROOM_Board_Lite
https://github.com/Freenove/Freenove_ESP32_S3_WROOM_Board_Lite/archive/refs/heads/main.zip
